# BUG HORROR STORIES

## April 25, 2023

### Time consumed ~1.5Hrs

- what a day, after working at thecoreloop for a while and making pull requests, improving and fixing bugs, the co-founder finally added me to their vercel account. I was wary as whenever I made a push to their git, their vercel was failing to deploy but it worked just as fine on my local machine and vercel. After they allowed my credentials, I finally got the chance to see the logs to see why it was failing to deploy. The logs pointed at something that I never worked on before so I was confused. Errors started to change as I commented out the areas the log was pointing to. Then, the cofounder tried to redeploy deleting one file after another, of the the files I worked on, crushing my manhood at the same time lol. Then I was like f\*\*k it, I can reapply the code once the bug was found. After deleting most of my work, Vercel was able to deploy again. When we found out the problem file, I realized that in the schema.prisma, there was an environmental variable that was not registered with vercel. At this point **I WAS FURIOUS, NO OTHER CLOUD PLATFORM THAT I'VE WORKED WITH GAVE ME SUCH A MISLEADING FAILED DEPLOYMENT LOG. WHAT ARE YOU DOING OVER THERE VERCEL?! CREATE A MORE ACCURATE BUG MESSAGE STATING THAT THE ENVIRONMENTAL VARIABLES WERE UNDEFINED OR NOT FOUND.** I was at least relieved because all of my work so far wasn't wasted... BUT MY 1.5 HRS WAS!! The co-founder then told me that this is his every day for him and I felt such a sense of comradre and felt for him because he has to deal with this everyday haha. I can't wait until when we migrate our servers to AWS kubernetes as we will have a tougher time together. <small>at least they will have better deployment logs... even if its thousands of lines, I'd prefer that lol.</small>
